docs: progressive override (#2904)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/federated-types/federated-directives.mdx

For more information, see [Migrating entities and fields](../entities-advanced/#migrating-entities-and-fields).

#### Progressive `@override`

<ProgressiveOverrideEnterprise/>

> Rolling out any change to a production subgraph, including adding `@override` fields, risks degrading the performance of your graph. Rerouting all traffic from one subgraph to another _all at once_ could overload the overriding subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rolling out any change to a production subgraph, including field migration, risks degrading the performance of your graph. Rerouting all traffic from one subgraph to another _all at once_ could overload the overriding subgraph.
```

</td>
</tr>

<tr class="required">
<td>

##### `label`

`String`
</td>
<td>

> ⚠️ **This argument is available in Apollo Federation 2.7 and later.**
> **It is an [Enterprise feature](/router/enterprise-features) of the Apollo Router** and requires an organization with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing/).<br/>
>
> If your organization _doesn't_ currently have an Enterprise plan, you can test out this functionality by signing up for a free [Enterprise trial](/graphos/org/plans/#enterprise-trials).

> **Optional.** The percentage of traffic for this field (randomly chosen from a uniform distribution) that is resolved by this subgraph. The remaining percentage is resolved by the other ([from](#from)) subgraph.

Reviewer: `label` doesn't have to be a `percent(x)` value, it can also be an arbitrary string. We handle the `percent(x)` case specifically, but users will be able to handle resolving arbitrary labels to their respective T/F values in rhai script/coprocessor.

I don't think we need to capture all of that info here, but we shouldn't say that a label specifically matches to a percentage.
